[Music]
kari's only support now is his elderly
father his body no longer able to carry
him on its own his legs maimed and his
left arm gone the result of an Israeli
air strike last
November I was an accountant and sales
manager at a computer company in a
prestigious area in Gaza I supervised 12
employees I lost everything doctors in
Gaza warn a growing number of
amputations they're having to perform
could be avoided but unsanitary
conditions and a lack of medical
supplies mean choices between life and
limb are made every day leaving many
inhaled difficult position unable to
provide for his family already grieving
the loss of one brother can Israelis
killed my son khaled's brother Dr zad he
was the director of Al AA Hospital in
the banon hospital he had specialized in
Pediatrics the red crescent moved HED
and his father to the south of the strip
for treatment left behind his wife and
children try to reassure him
alhamdulillah well alhamd they've waited
months for him to recover but there's
only so much doctors in hunis can do
Israeli forces have severely damaged the
shik hammad hospital the strip's only
facility for Prosthetics and rehabilit
meditation I hope to be treated I pray
to have a prosthetic arm and for my leg
to heal I want to return to my normal
life to be part of society again to walk
normally and to be with my wife and
children with talks to secure a
ceasefire underway in Cairo all khed
wishes is to be whole again in a
peaceful land for now he's left disabled
in pain and his family split apart in a
landscape much the same I genford Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer